6		Acoustic structure of songs produced after the playback of a conspecific stimulus
6	PlaybackTrialRecording	Identity of the playback trial recording
6	Date	Date of the playback trial and sound pressure level (SPL) measurement
6	PlaybackStage	Playback stage (i.e. playback or post-playback) 
6	Start	Start of the song in the recording (in seconds)
6	End	End of the song in the recording (in seconds)
6	BottomFreq	Song minimum frequency (kHz)
6	TopFreq	Song maximum frequency (kHz)
6	Bandwidth	Song frequency bandwidth (kHz): maximum frequency – minimum frequency
6	SongDuration	Song mean frequency (kHz): average frequency weighted by amplitude
6	MeanFreq	Song length in seconds
6	Habitat	Habitat type: Urban or Rural
6	Site	Study site (see Suplementary Material Figure A1 for details)
6	MaleID	Identity of the recorded male
6	StimulusID	Identity of the playback stimulus
6	DOY	Day of the year
6	TimeOfDay	Decimal time or decimal hour
6	Noise_SPL_LAeq	Equivalent continuous sound level (LAeq), a time-averaged SPL in dB 


Abstract
Anthropogenic noise constrains the transmission of birdsong and alters the behavior of receivers. Many birds adjust their acoustic signals to minimize the interference of anthropogenic noise on signal transmission. Birds may also change their acoustic signals to exchange information during aggressive interactions. However, it is unclear how birds deal with a potential trade-off between adjusting their acoustic signals to better transmit in noisy environments versus mediating aggressive interactions. Additionally, we do not know how urbanization and anthropogenic noise alters the territorial behavior of receivers. We investigated the interplay among song, territorial aggression, urbanization, and anthropogenic noise, in males of the southern house wren (Troglodytes aedon musculus), using recordings of spontaneous songs (non-aggressive context) and a playback experiment simulating a male territorial intrusion (aggressive context). We found that urban wrens behaved more aggressively in response to the intruder by singing more and spent more time closer to the intruder than rural wrens regardless of noise. Males produced songs with lower minimum frequency and trills with wider frequency bandwidth and higher vocal performance under acute (playback) than relaxed (post-playback) aggressive encounters. These results suggest that males use songs to communicate aggressive intent or fighting ability. Urban wrens produced higher-pitched songs and trills than rural wrens irrespective of aggressive context. Urban wrens in the noisiest territories also produced the highest-pitched trills but only in the non-aggressive context. Rural wrens in the noisiest territories tended to produce the longest songs (non-aggressive context) or produced the shortest songs (aggressive context). Results suggest that urbanization affects territorial and vocal behaviors in southern house wrens. Males in this species seem to primarily adjust acoustic signals in response to the territorial intruder rather than noise.